444444444444444444444

Write a 1 to 1.5 page essay describing the ways computing technology effect social and economic between people.  
Explain how digital computing both disrupts and reinforces existing social relations.
Describe the possible role of digital computing in fighting poverty and supporting economic development.
  With the rapid progress of information technology in the world, world demand for the rapid growth of information, information products
and information services for various countries, regions, enterprises, institutions, families, and individuals are essential. IT support
has become today's economic activity and social life of the foundation. In this case, the information industry has become the world, 
especially the developed countries competing for investment, focusing on the development of strategic sectors. In the past 10 years, the 
growth rate of the world's information equipment manufacturing and services are twice the corresponding gross national product (GNP) 
growth, has become a key industry to drive economic growth. In which the US economy in the last 10 years of sustained and rapid growth, 
the average annual GDP growth of 3.6%, while the electronic information industry contribution to GDP growth was 1.4 percentage points. It
is no exaggeration to say that the support to drive continued growth in the US economy due to information technology and the information 
industry is not over. Information industry itself after years of rapid growth, has become one of the world's largest industry. In the mid
-1990s, some of the economic growth in developed countries in the field of information more than 50% GNP of the United States and more 
than 75% in 2000, the global information products manufacturing output of up to 1.5 trillion US dollars, has become an important pillar 
of the world economy industry.With the development and utilization of information resources, people's employment structure is moving from
mainly agricultural population, population-based industries engaged in information related to the work of the main changes.
